---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "swo_alert Resource - add-graphql-input-values"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A terraform resource for managing SWO alerts.
---

# swo_alert (Resource)

A terraform resource for managing SWO alerts.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `conditions` (Attributes Set) One or more conditions that must be met to tigger the alert. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `name` (String) The name of the alert.
- `notifications` (List of Number) A list of notification configuration IDs to publish to when this alert is triggered.
- `severity` (String) The severity of the alert (INFO|WARNING|CRITICAL).
- `target_entity_types` (List of String) The entity types for scoping this alert (e.g. Website, Host, Database...).
- `type` (String) The type of alert (ENTITY_METRICS|LOGS).

### Optional

- `description` (String) A short description of the alert (optional).
- `enabled` (Boolean) Is the alert enabled. Default is true.
- `trigger_reset_actions` (Boolean) ???

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the alert. This is a computed value provided by the backend.

<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Required:

- `aggregation_type` (String) The aggregation type (such as average, maximum or minimum) to apply to this metric.
- `duration` (String) The duration of the time that the
- `metric_name` (String) The name of the metric that is being monitored.
- `threshold` (String) The threshold value that triggers the alert when breached.

Optional:

- `entity_ids` (List of String) (Optional) A list of entity IDs that will be the scoped targets of the monitoring.
- `exclude_tags` (Attributes Set) (Optional) Add metric tags to exclude as part of the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--exclude_tags))
- `include_tags` (Attributes Set) (Optional) Add metric tags to include as part of the scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--include_tags))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--exclude_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.exclude_tags`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The tag name.
- `values` (List of String) One or more tag values.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--include_tags"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.include_tags`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The tag name.
- `values` (List of String) One or more tag values.


