---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "swo_uri Resource - terraform-provider-swo"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A terraform resource for managing SWO Uris.
---

# swo_uri (Resource)

A terraform resource for managing SWO Uris.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The IP address or host name to monitor.
- `http_path_and_query` (String) The path and query to monitor.
- `name` (String) The name of this Uri check.
- `options` (Attributes) The options for this Uri check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--options))
- `test_definitions` (Attributes) The test definitions for this Uri check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--test_definitions))

### Optional

- `http_options` (Attributes) The http options for this Uri check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_options))
- `tcp_options` (Attributes) The tcp options for this Uri check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tcp_options))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) This is a computed ID provided by the backend.

<a id="nestedatt--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Required:

- `is_http_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable http monitoring.
- `is_ping_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable ping monitoring.
- `is_tcp_enabled` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable tcp monitoring.


<a id="nestedatt--test_definitions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `test_definitions`

Required:

- `location_options` (Attributes Set) The Website availability monitoring location options. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--test_definitions--location_options))
- `test_from_location` (String) The location type to test from [REGION|COUNTRY|CITY].
- `test_interval_in_seconds` (Number) The interval to test in seconds.

Optional:

- `platform_options` (Attributes) The platform options for this Uri check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--test_definitions--platform_options))

<a id="nestedatt--test_definitions--location_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `test_definitions.location_options`

Required:

- `type` (String) The Website availability monitoring location option type.
- `value` (String) The Website availability monitoring location option value.


<a id="nestedatt--test_definitions--platform_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `test_definitions.platform_options`

Required:

- `test_from_all` (Boolean) Whether or not to test from all platforms.

Optional:

- `platforms` (List of String) The platforms to test from [AWS|AZURE].



<a id="nestedatt--http_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_options`

Required:

- `custom_headers` (Attributes Set) One or more custom headers to send with the uptime check. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_options--custom_headers))
- `protocols` (List of String) The protocols to use for http monitoring.

Optional:

- `check_for_string` (Attributes) The string to check for in the response. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--http_options--check_for_string))

<a id="nestedatt--http_options--custom_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_options.custom_headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) The Website custom header name.
- `value` (String) The Website custom header value.


<a id="nestedatt--http_options--check_for_string"></a>
### Nested Schema for `http_options.check_for_string`

Required:

- `operator` (String) The operator to use for checking the response.
- `value` (String) The string to check for in the response.



<a id="nestedatt--tcp_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tcp_options`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port to use for tcp monitoring.

Optional:

- `string_to_expect` (String) The string to expect in the response.
- `string_to_send` (String) The string to send in the request.


